chore: switch to pnpm (#13733)
Esri/calcite-components: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Getting a development environment set up

> An installation of Node is required for development. If you don't have Node installed, we recommend [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/installation), which will automatically use the Node/NPM versions specified under the `devEngines.runtime` key in [`package.json`](./package.json).

Reviewer: `devEngines.runtime` should be replaced with `engines`

```suggestion
An installation of Node is required for development. If you don't have Node installed, we recommend [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/installation), which will automatically use the Node/NPM versions specified under the `engines` key in [`package.json`](./package.json).
```
